Add meeting minutes 2024-05-28 (Special Topic Meeting) (#661)
solid/specification: meetings/2024-05-28.md

* eP: WG and what can be published, what we can have as normative referenced. If we want something published in 2 years with only mature normative references, we need to use what already is available or has a WG that can eb delivered withing two years. OIDC, FedCM. If there's wallet that is not chartered at least, it cannot be used. Thinking 15-20 years from now is one thing, in 2 years it is different. Keep things in a way we can evolve. 
* VB: I think most of us are suggesting not tying ourselves to something in a way we cannot pivot later on.
* HZ: +1
* eP: Implementors need to implement something. Need a sweet spot between temporary dependency and having it composed in a way we can sunset. We annot always keep everything open. 
* HZ: Not sure that's what VB and others said. I agree we want to use a set of technologies today, specify how to use. But Solid is a protocol, define minimal set of those dependencies and allow for variations in the future. I odn't see how it can slow us down. Define the principles, choose what to use today. Interp doesn't mean everybody has to use the same technologies. 
* VB: +1

> * SC: Some specs say interop is defined by this or that product. Thinking along those lines help figure out what needs to communicate. Solid protocol is just server and client. Then Solid notification we have a nicer way of expressing.. w have 5 products, sender receiver subscriber.. There's an issue for solid spec where we need a bit more detail on these products: https://github.com/solid/specification/issues/480
> * SC: Right now we say server and client but maybe it needs more details. Consumer, storage.. thing doing the patching.. you can combine these in different ways. In other specs we have authz server, application, and so on.
> * VB: WebID Profile has Reader Application, Writer Application, and so on.
> * SC: Maybe we say app that lives in the browser, app that lives in the seerver.. Ways of being more specific about the types of products that could be built. If we get stuck on just server or authn server, we are going to assume what that product is capable of. Stuck on whether it should have issuer, should not...
> * VB: +1 
> * eP: Prefer we use established terms. oAuth have well established terms. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SC: Some specs say interop is defined by this or that product. Thinking along those lines helps figure out what needs to be communicated. Solid protocol is just server and client. Then we have a nicer way of expressing Solid notification. We have 5 products, sender, receiver, subscriber... There's an [issue for solid spec](https://github.com/solid/specification/issues/480) where we need a bit more detail on these products.
* SC: Right now we say server and client, but maybe it needs more details. Consumer, storage, thing doing the patching... You can combine these in different ways. In other specs we have authz server, application, and so on.
* VB: WebID Profile has Reader Application, Writer Application, and so on.
* SC: Maybe we say app that lives in the browser, app that lives in the seerver... Ways of being more specific about the types of products that could be built. If we get stuck on just server or authn server, we are going to assume what that product is capable of. Stuck on whether it should (or should not) have issuer...
* VB: +1 
* eP: Prefer we use established terms. oAuth has well established terms. 
```
